Who we are:

Shape a brighter financial future with us.

Together with our members, we’re changing the way people think about and interact with personal finance.

We’re a next-generation financial services company and national bank using innovative, mobile-first technology to help our millions of members reach their goals. The industry is going through an unprecedented transformation, and we’re at the forefront. We’re proud to come to work every day knowing that what we do has a direct impact on people’s lives, with our core values guiding us every step of the way. Join us to invest in yourself, your career, and the financial world.

The role

As a SoFi Member Service Representative, you will be responsible for providing best-in-class service for SoFi’s financial service products, including bank and investment accounts. You will support SoFi’s fast-paced and high-growth environment by responding to inbound inquiries from SoFi Members across multiple communication channels, primarily phone and chat. You will play an integral role in providing strong customer service to SoFi Members by taking ownership of Member’s concerns and seeing them through to resolution.

What you’ll do:


    Provide industry-leading customer service that leverages soft skills, balancing being efficient and ultimately leading to First Call Resolution (FCR)
    Respond to customer inbound inquiries via phone, chat, and email regarding the SoFi Checking & Savings, SoFi Money, Samsung Money by SoFi, and SoFi Invest products
    Timely and accurately deliver information to SoFi Members while notating correspondence after each customer contact is handled 
    Take ownership of resolving member inquiries and attempt to foresee causes for additional inquiries
    Exercise consultative techniques demonstrating advocacy for customers, effective call control, and educating members on various tools/features to help them get their money right
    Troubleshoot, advocate, and show genuine empathy in conversations to deescalate simple or complex inquiries 
    Meet or exceed specific performance metrics designed to measure the core responsibilities of the role
    Proactively share insights with management regarding inquiries, concerns, and or complaints to improve our products, operations, and policies 
    Expand the scope of your primary role to support other lines of business based on business needs
    Receive inbound calls and chats, raise service request tickets, send emails, and perform callbacks to client customers 
    Problem solves and promptly handles escalated issues requiring special handling through coordination with various internal departments to find resolutions to customer queries/issues/concerns 
    Manage customer expectations on timeline and resolution. Find the best solutions to ensure customer requirements are met 
    Proactively follow up on outstanding issues with internal functional areas and with external clients. 
    Treat customers in a consistent, courteous, and efficient manner according to quality monitoring guidelines and SoFi Member Experience standards


What you’ll need:


    Previous customer service experience, preferably in a similar industry or Call Center environment
    Strong verbal and written communication skills
    Experience with providing world-class customer service and meeting critical deadlines in a dynamic, rapidly changing environment
    Active listening skills to understand customer needs and provide effective solutions
    Basic computer skills with solid proficiency in Google Suite
    Empathy and patience in dealing with customer inquiries and concerns
    Ability to handle high-stress situations and irate customers with professionalism
    Willingness to learn and stay updated on company policies, products, and services
    Adaptability to handle a variety of customer queries and requests
    Time management and organizational skills to handle multiple inquiries simultaneously
    Ability to work days, evenings, and nights. Operation hours are between Monday- Thursday 6:00 AM - 8:00 PM MST/ Friday 6:00 AM -6:00 PM MST
    Experience handling high-volume transactions across multiple channels of communication
    High school diploma or GED required
    Must successfully pass FINRA fingerprint background check
    Ability to attend onsite training if required - 6 weeks of training may be in office
    Ability to work 2 days in office after training is completed
    Salt Lake City office only (located in Cottonwood Heights)
    Hourly pay $19.50


Compensation And Benefits

The base pay range for this role is listed below. Final base pay offer will be determined based on individual factors such as the candidate’s experience, skills, and location.

To view all of our comprehensive and competitive benefits, visit our Benefits at SoFi page!

SoFi provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, breastfeeding, and conditions related to breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), physical or medical disability, medical condition, marital status, registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military and/or veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable state or federal law.

The Company hires the best qualified candidate for the job, without regard to protected characteristics.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

New York applicants: Notice of Employee Rights

SoFi is committed to embracing diversity. As part of this commitment, SoFi offers reasonable accommodations to candidates with physical or mental disabilities. If you need accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, please let your recruiter know or email accommodations@sofi.com.

Due to insurance coverage issues, we are unable to accommodate remote work from Hawaii or Alaska at this time.

Internal Employees

If you are a current employee, do not apply here - please navigate to our Internal Job Board in Greenhouse to apply to our open roles.